[KIP-7 draft] Added some methods and event related with mint,pause (#15)
klaytn/kips: KIPs/kip-7-fungible_token.md

|[name](#name)|O|function name() public view returns (string)|
|[symbol](#symbol)|O|function symbol() public view returns (string)|
|[decimals](#decimals)|O|function decimals() public view returns (uint8)|

> |[mint](#mint)| O |function mint(address _to, uint256 _value) public onlyMinter returns (bool) |

Reviewer: What do you think about separating tables for a set of functions that can be implemented as optional?
For example, to implement mintable, we can think of mint, isMinter, addMinter, and renounceMinter as one set.

Author: Do you want to separate non-optional and optional functions, or separate only a function group related with mint?

Author: I was trying to split a group by function. PTAL. :)

Reviewer: I checked the commit you pushed :)
Thank you for changing!!

|[name](#name)|O|function name() public view returns (string)|
|[symbol](#symbol)|O|function symbol() public view returns (string)|
|[decimals](#decimals)|O|function decimals() public view returns (uint8)|

#### Mint Methods (Optional)
The table below is a summary of methods related with Mint function.
These methods are optional.

|Name|Prototype|
|---|---|
|[mint](#mint)|function mint(address _to, uint256 _value) public onlyMinter returns (bool) |
|[isMinter](#isminter)|function isMinter(address _account) public view returns (bool) |
|[addMinter](#addminter)|function addMinter(address _account) public onlyMinter |
|[renounceMinter](#renounceminter)|function renounceMinter() public |

#### Burn Methods (Optional)
The table below is a summary of methods related with Burn function.
These methods are optional.

|Name|Prototype|
|---|---|
|[burn](#burn)|function burn(uint256 _value) public |
|[burnFrom](#burnfrom)|function burnFrom(address _from, uint256 _value) public |

> #### Pause Methods (Optional)

Reviewer: Pause also has 'addPauser' and 'renouncePauser' functions. (There are PauserAdded, PuaserRemoved events also)
Can you add these functions too?

Author: Yes I will~! :)

|[name](#name)|O|function name() public view returns (string)|
|[symbol](#symbol)|O|function symbol() public view returns (string)|
|[decimals](#decimals)|O|function decimals() public view returns (uint8)|

#### Mint Methods (Optional)

> The table below is a summary of methods related with Mint function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The table below is a summary of methods related to generating new tokens.
```

These methods are optional.

|Name|Prototype|
|---|---|
|[mint](#mint)|function mint(address _to, uint256 _value) public returns (bool) |
|[isMinter](#isminter)|function isMinter(address _account) public view returns (bool) |
|[addMinter](#addminter)|function addMinter(address _account) public |
|[renounceMinter](#renounceminter)|function renounceMinter() public |

#### Burn Methods (Optional)

> The table below is a summary of methods related with Burn function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The table below is a summary of methods related to destroying tokens.
```

These methods are optional.

|Name|Prototype|
|---|---|
|[burn](#burn)|function burn(uint256 _value) public |
|[burnFrom](#burnfrom)|function burnFrom(address _from, uint256 _value) public |

#### Pause Methods (Optional)

> The table below is a summary of methods related with Pause function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The table below is a summary of methods related to suspending a token contract.
```

These methods are optional.

|Name|Prototype|
|---|---|
|[paused](#paused)|function paused() public view returns (bool) |

> |[pause](#pause)|function pause() public whenNotPaused |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|[pause](#pause)|function pause() public |
```

> |[unpause](#burnfrom)|function unpause() public whenPaused |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|[unpause](#burnfrom)|function unpause() public |
```

Mints `_value` amount of tokens to address `_to`, and MUST fire the [Transfer event](#transfer-1). The value of `_from` MUST be set to `0x0` in the transfer event.
The function SHOULD `throw` if the `_to` is `0x0`.
The function SHOULD `throw` if the message sender is not a minter.

OPTIONAL - This method can be used to improve usability,
but interfaces and other contracts MUST NOT expect these values to be present.

```solidity
function mint(address _to, uint256 _value) public returns (bool)
```

#### isMinter

Returns `true` if `_account` is a minter or `false` if `_account` is not a minter. 

```solidity
function isMinter(address _account) public view returns (bool)
```

#### addMinter

Adds `_account` as a minter, and MUST fire the [MinterAdded event](#minteradded). The value of `_account` MUST be set with same account of `addMinter` method in the `MinterAdded` event.

> The function SHOULD `throw` if the `_account` is already a minter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The function SHOULD `throw` if the `_account` is already a minter or the message sender is not a minter.
```

Author: I added that as a below line.

OPTIONAL - This method can be used to improve usability,
but interfaces and other contracts MUST NOT expect these values to be present.

```solidity
function addMinter(address _account) public 
```

#### renounceMinter

> Removes `_account` from minters, and MUST fire the [MinterRemoved event](#minterremoved). The value of `_account` MUST be set with same account of `renounceMinter` method in the `MinterRemoved` event.

Reviewer 2: It seems `_account` is not defined in this function prototype.

The function SHOULD `throw` if the `_to` is `0x0`.
The function SHOULD `throw` if the message sender is not a minter.

OPTIONAL - This method can be used to improve usability,
but interfaces and other contracts MUST NOT expect these values to be present.

```solidity
function mint(address _to, uint256 _value) public returns (bool)
```

#### isMinter

Returns `true` if `_account` is a minter or `false` if `_account` is not a minter. 

```solidity
function isMinter(address _account) public view returns (bool)
```

#### addMinter

Adds `_account` as a minter, and MUST fire the [MinterAdded event](#minteradded). The value of `_account` MUST be set with same account of `addMinter` method in the `MinterAdded` event.
The function SHOULD `throw` if the `_account` is already a minter.
The function SHOULD `throw` if the message sender is not a minter.

OPTIONAL - This method can be used to improve usability,
but interfaces and other contracts MUST NOT expect these values to be present.

```solidity
function addMinter(address _account) public 
```

#### renounceMinter

> Removes `_account` from minters, and MUST fire the [MinterRemoved event](#minterremoved). The value of `_account` MUST be set with the message sender `renounceMinter` method in the `MinterRemoved` event.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Removes the message sender from minters, and MUST fire the [MinterRemoved event](#minterremoved). The value of `_account` MUST be set with the message sender of `renounceMinter` method in the `MinterRemoved` event.
```

but interfaces and other contracts MUST NOT expect these values to be present.

```solidity

> function mint(address _to, uint256 _value) public returns (bool)

Reviewer 2: Please add description above something like:

The function MUST `throw` if the sender is not a minter.

Reviewer 2: MUST? SHOULD? What do you prefer?

Author: For `throw`, `SHOULD` is used commonly.

Author: I added the description.

> function mint(address _to, uint256 _value) public onlyMinter returns (bool) {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
function mint(address _to, uint256 _value) public onlyMinter returns (bool)
```

> function mint(address _to, uint256 _value) public onlyMinter returns (bool) {

Reviewer 2: Do we need to have function modifier (e.g., onlyMinter)?

Is there any description of onlyMinter?

Author: Actually, I didn't describe the modifier 1st time.
But this time, I just copied the function from openzeppline. 
Because, I thought removing the modifier from reference code is weird.
As you know, modifier doesn't effect to the hash of the function. 

What if we explain that the modifiers can be different?

Reviewer 2: First, the modifier logic should be described in the function somewhere.
(e.g., mint() MUST `throw` if the sender is not a minter.)

Second, we do not have to enforce unnecessary parts. We can describe the specification of mint() without onlyMinter.

Author: I got it. I will remove modifiers. :)

```

#### isMinter

Returns `true` if `_account` is a minter or `false` if `_account` is not a minter. 

```solidity
function isMinter(address _account) public view returns (bool)
```

#### addMinter

Adds `_account` as a minter, and Must fire the [MinterAdded event](#minteradded). The value of `_account` MUST be set with same account of `addMinter` method in the `MinterAdded` event.
The function SHOULD `throw` if the `_account` is already a minter.

OPTIONAL - This method can be used to improve usability,
but interfaces and other contracts MUST NOT expect these values to be present.

```solidity
function addMinter(address _account) public 
```

#### renounceMinter

> remove `_account` from minters, and Must fire the [MinterRemoved event](#minterremoved). The value of `_account` MUST be set with same account of `renounceMinter` method in the `MinterRemoved` event.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Removes `_account` from minters, and MUST fire the [MinterRemoved event](#minterremoved). The value of `_account` MUST be set with same account of `renounceMinter` method in the `MinterRemoved` event.
```

function burnFrom(address _from, uint256 _value) public 
```

#### paused

Returns `true` if the contract is paused or `false` if the contract is not paused.

OPTIONAL - This method can be used to improve usability,
but interfaces and other contracts MUST NOT expect these values to be present.

```solidity
function paused() public view returns (bool) 
```

#### pause

> Pauses all methods related with token transfer such as transfer, transferFrom, approve, increaseAllowance and decreaseAllowance methods of the contract. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pauses all methods related with token transfer such as transfer, transferFrom and approve methods of the contract. 
```
Since there is no increaseAllowance and decreaseAllowance in KIP-7, I think it's a good idea to delete it here as well.

Author: The given list is an example. So I think all methods don't need to be described in this standard.
What do you think?

Reviewer: increaseAllowance and decreaseAllowance are not defined here, so if you want to mention, I think you need a simple explanation separately about those.

Author: Ok. I think explaining them in this standard is useless. I will remove it.

The function MUST fire the [Paused event](#paused). The value of `_account` MUST be set to be the message caller of the method.

OPTIONAL - This method can be used to improve usability,
but interfaces and other contracts MUST NOT expect these values to be present.

```solidity

> function pause() public whenNotPaused

Author: ```suggestion
function pause() public
```

```

#### unpause

> Unpauses all methods related with token transfer such as transfer, transferFrom, approve, increaseAllowance and decreaseAllowance methods of the contract. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unpauses all methods related with token transfer such as transfer, transferFrom and approve methods of the contract. 
```

The function MUST fire the [Unpaused event](#unpaused). The value of `_account` MUST be set to be the message caller of the method.

OPTIONAL - This method can be used to improve usability,
but interfaces and other contracts MUST NOT expect these values to be present.

```solidity

> function unpause() public whenPausedc 

Author: ```suggestion
function unpause() public 
```

function burnFrom(address _from, uint256 _value) public 
```

#### paused

Returns `true` if the contract is paused or `false` if the contract is not paused.

OPTIONAL - This method can be used to improve usability,
but interfaces and other contracts MUST NOT expect these values to be present.

```solidity
function paused() public view returns (bool) 
```

#### pause

Pauses all methods related with token transfer such as transfer, transferFrom and approve methods of the contract. 

> The function MUST fire the [Paused event](#paused). The value of `_account` MUST be set to be the message caller of the method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The function MUST fire the [Paused event](#paused). The value of `_account` in the event MUST be set to be the message caller of the method.
```

The function SHOULD `throw` if the message sender is not a pauser.

OPTIONAL - This method can be used to improve usability,
but interfaces and other contracts MUST NOT expect these values to be present.

```solidity
function pause() public
```

#### unpause

Unpauses all methods related with token transfer such as transfer, transferFrom and approve methods of the contract. 

> The function MUST fire the [Unpaused event](#unpaused). The value of `_account` MUST be set to be the message caller of the method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The function MUST fire the [Unpaused event](#unpaused). The value of `_account` in the event MUST be set to be the message caller of the method.
```
